cloud: update doc for left navigation (#11568)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-sql-shards.md

After configuring the Amazon S3 access, you can perform the data import task in the TiDB Cloud console as follows:

> 1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) and choose the target project. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and choose your target project on the top of the left navigation bar.
```
